Tutorialise installation (#6639)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/intro/installation.rst

Installation
************

This is the first chapter in the sunpy tutorial, and by the end of it you should have a working installation of Python and sunpy.

Installing Python
=================
There are many ways to install Python, but even if you have Python installed somewhere on your computer we recommend following these instructions anyway.
That's because we will create a new Python environment.
As well as containing a Python installation, this environment provides an isolated place to install Python packages (like sunpy).

> The package manager we'll be using is called ``conda``.

Reviewer: I think this is the point where we should link to the explanation of different install options?

Author: I don't want to interrupt the flow of the tutorial, but have added a link at the end.

Reviewer: This feels like a style decision we will have to make as we add more explanation style content. I think we are going to have this crop up in multiple places, i.e "do thing like this <here's why>".

Figuring out what a good approach(s) is might fall to you as the first person to make an explanation page :rofl:

Installation
************

> This is the first chapter in the sunpy tutorial, and by the end of it you should have a working installation of Python and sunpy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is the first chapter in the sunpy tutorial, and by the end of it you should have a working installation of Python and ``sunpy``.
```

Installing Python
=================
There are many ways to install Python, but even if you have Python installed somewhere on your computer we recommend following these instructions anyway.

> That's because we will create a new Python environment.
> As well as containing a Python installation, this environment provides an isolated place to install Python packages (like sunpy).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
That's because we will create a new Python environment that is isolated place to install Python packages (like ``sunpy``) without affecting any current Python installation.
```

The package manager we'll be using is called ``conda``.
To install conda, follow the `the miniforge installation instructions <https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge#install>`__.

> This will install ``conda`` and automatically configure the default channel (a channel is a remote software repository) to be ``conda-forge``, which is where ``sunpy`` packages are available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will install ``conda`` and automatically configure the default channel (a channel is a remote software repository) to be ``conda-forge``, which is where ``sunpy`` package and the other SunPy packages are available.
```
Kind of confusing what I wrote.

Author: We don't actually mandate that affialiated packages are on conda forge at the moment, so I don't want to add this. (FWIW I'd be in favour of mandating affiated pacakges are on conda-forge)

Installing sunpy
----------------

> To install ``sunpy``, start by launching a terminal (under a UNIX-like system) or miniforge Prompt (under Windows).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install ``sunpy``, start by launching a terminal (under a UNIX-like system) or the miniforge Prompt (under Windows).
```

> Then create a and activate new virtual environment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then create and activate new virtual environment:
```

.. code-block:: bash

    $ conda create --name sunpy
    $ conda activate sunpy

In this case the environment is named 'sunpy'.
Feel free to change this to a different environment name.
Now we have a fresh environment we can install sunpy:

.. code-block:: bash

>     $ conda install sunpy

Reviewer 3: I dont know where exactly this should go, but what about cases where people already have their own conda installed (e.g. anaconda, miniconda) and want to install sunpy? should we have a sentance about conda-forge? I think we should. 

I realise this section is the tutorial of an introduction on how to do a fresh install of python and sunpy, but I imagine a lot of people will skip to the `Installing sunpy` section and follow the instructions of `conda install sunpy` and then it wont work without the conda-forge config or without doing `conda install -c conda-forge sunpy`.

what should we do in this case? maybe include a sentance here along the lines of 

"if you did not install python using miniforge you must first do 
```
conda config --add channels conda-forge
conda config --set channel_priority strict
``` 
on your new environment"

Author: Good idea - I think these lines can go below `conda activate sunpy` above. I assume if miniforge is installed they will just do nothing, but I'll check that.

Reviewer 2: THey should do nothing but we should not suggest they do that if they have miniforge. 

Only if they have anaconda or miniconda only.

Author: 👍 I added the channel commands
